I don't like blood letters anyway if I'm
PC I'd rather just go for CPM I think
they're just better against nids and
Orcs really cuz they're a lot more
resilient to range damage and both those
factions have a lot of piercing blood
letters are good against chaos uh yeah
chaos cuz of the zinch Marines and also
Space Marines cuz the plasma attacks and
stuff
[Music]
so we'll do the same [__] again we like
to blob our
Heretics so the manner in which we're
going to blob them though is a bit
unusual this
time going to ignore
that oh the Lord General [__] my
life no Mery
I hate
IG imagine you can defeat me
Commander simply no match for
us we are legion
the
of come on bleed those
G
[Music]
nice K
them nice when you can bleed their hero
that's for
sure oh look at that he retreated so
early and I still bled
him hilarious
so he's only got one gasman right so you
know what that means it means a shitload
of kishan devils are coming my
way that's what that means we don't like
[Music]
that so we're going to need grenade
launchers and we're going to need noise
Marines [__]
getting the lag again what the [__] man
oh my God this is so
annoying
dude can we
not
GL is
[Music]
does he even win in melee I don't
know no he
doesn't oh that's so
sad that's so
sad you poor little bo
uh they seem to take way more damage
than I wanted there
whoops that's all
right yeah that's pretty
sad oh dudes
simply still
bleeding C Devils it's fine we're going
to go back oh [__] what happened
there
what one idiot was just around the
corner
fantastic what come on
man you are acting like the big dumb Dum
right
now he went for a heavy weapon team
that's
wild Warriors of chaos War
keep moving the
victory is the
imperal bring forth all Servants of the
dark
why are you doing you're not even
shooting the right
guy holy crap
human
bleed for
me Sentinel
attacking imagine you can defeat us
fresh Warriors
dispatched do not lose us their
power I'm not sure you want that fight
[Music]
weapons kill
them we s on Wings of Fire eny attacks
one of your
structions yes bring for Servants of the
dark
Gods H what do we want in tier
two chaos
Victory I got blown up by an ID over
there that's all right
you keep moving that's
fine Tri today back taking to a
Havoc he going to beat this boy in
melee go reinforce down
there hear that upgrade completed
your
forces
temporary what
your
forces you are losing us a victory point
oh [__]
that's
bleed oh what am I doing oh he's doing
this [__] again yeah shouldn't have gone
for
havocs [__]
stupid Stormtroopers it's another unit I
hate hate final stor Troopers
join the Eternal
War
behind sen
attacking silence us
is
temporary Victory point will be ours for
the glory of
chaos that
Victory oh
sake is not so
great SS through
usare the
infection
distress keep moving
rapt
okay so far so
good no rest NOS for the glory of Chaos
[Music]
destroyed
Tri take the
requisition
show really could do a jump
the damn
way
200 moving fire for Vance show no
mercy reinfor Servants of the dark TI
three and M of
Z
easy and
desty for victory
en
melee them what are you
doing why are they not going into
melee holy
[__] a
cathedral
Raptors yeah I I'm really loving Raptors
right now got to be hon honest loving
Raptors ah they just snagged the
CSM and
kill they
oh I still didn't kill that thing [__]
[Music]
sake go for a f
boss can kill a lemon
[Music]
Russ yeah heavy turret is weird I don't
really understand what the point of that
was if if you get the jump with raptors
raptors kickass against melee so Raptors
will be banshees with the xack or
Sluggers with their knob if you get the
jump to suppress them and then you use
demonic fury on the squad leader and
likewise as long as you can hit the Dias
leader on the kadashian or one of the
Dias models and you get the jump you'll
win in melee versus them as well and
even if you don't you can just activate
Touch of nurgle and then wipe them which
is pretty scary for the cion Devils they
don't really want to risk that
so it's pretty nice but yeah losing the
SE a lot is
painful quite
painful that just feels
wrong yeah I can try Demon Hunter
after I'm just in love with the PC right
now it feels very very easy playing the
PC playing Demon Hunter in contrast
feels very very hard which suggests to
me he's a lot weaker
war
[Music]
of I like two ticks also he's random so
no I'm not going to CSM that's Noob
[__] Noob
[__] you just run out of wreck and I
want a lot of crazy stuff in here too
you know okay finally we've got a hard
match up I hate playing against Space
Marines hate hate it so
much it's the
worst though he's not using his Tech
Marine particularly well here which is
fun
oh is he spamming
Scouts
interesting we shall
return
is
resistance what are you doing
enemy attacks one
your en Fight
Hard
Away Your units fulfill your command h
we have to go n Marines against lots of
Scouts
right got
it snipers
what okay we're going to play weird
your
forces now
this is
weird go on as Spar Champion you get
that kill boy you get that kill
boy no bed
please remember he can't kill power
Nords very easily right now cuz he's got
snipers
kick bleed probably should have finished
that cap to be honest he's wasting a lot
of his on time
here
your oh [__]
me oh I didn't notice they were getting
wrecked whoops
my
bad there goes the money for my [__]
Raptors right
therey
is Warriors of
chaos fap to money down the
drain they got the
shotguns oh man
these snipers doing more damage holy
[__] that Spike damage seems kind of
[Music]
ins we don't need to reinforce these
Heretics that would be a jolly good
waste of
time I'm going to have to retreat anyway
don't need to waste my jump smart of him
oh to stay in maybe not
actually just bleed
maybe not so smart after
all probably going to get mines isn't
he I would
imagine Loy there is no glory pointless
defe
let just not getting n spiked right now
that would be the
worst oh wait you can't n Spike anymore
H I
forgot at least it's a lot
harder
fun very
fun oh bionic all right my boy be
sweeping
we don't need to cap that point it's all
good it's all
good just going to
retreat can't take that my CSM will
intercept
him go into
Mel all right let's do
it nope
oh grenade nice grenade well
done it was a good grenade I'll give you
that it was a good
grenade oh you've Ed me the little shyer
the
dark our Temple's dark Majesty grows
without our
power oh this is going to be a long game
guys I already know it it's going to be
a long [__] game [__]
snipers aren't they irritating
oops you would Champion then
do yeah getting a vehicle versus a Tech
Marine always feels funny but I feel
like I can overwhelm him in melee I'm
going to go for con
Marines the enemy
attack you have lost
destru bleed where's the bleed there is
none sad lack of bleed
but he can't C points that's the really
funny
thing now I need to put a bit of gen
pressure on now uh not gen sorry VP
pressure cuz that's going to be the
problem for me against all these Scouts
the VPS are going to be a pain in the
ass why are you not moving
CSM okay there's the stern guard they
shall that's fine we'll get our oh
they're not moving cuz I went corn
Marines yeah I remember
now see okay
the enemy attacks
one uh
guys o he went melee
interesting you not that position
the
infe hello where's my demonic Fury what
the [__] was
that really Raptors come on now you guys
are taking the piss
Chop
[Music]
Chop did he just n himself
you if that Victory point is lost oh
that sniping my my little
ticks that's not
fun the UN
they
whoa you're all doing damage
boys what did I lose heretic
God Dam
it return
fire the of
the oh he got me mother [__]
all right melt a
dreadn a let's just chill out for a
minute you know let's just chill out for
a
bit we go plenty of time
we s
withs chion us his shall be
glorious the
night
us you
the doesn't have any real a rece
here's a spend
Cathedral worthy of a Black
Crusade then again I also don't know how
we deal with
teries H termies or PR teries or PR now
he's got a Libby what the
[__] what is this man doing
sh shall dread well I just pushes
natural
now there was a good pick on
the he's got units all over the
Gaff good pick on the Tech Marine that
was a nice win for
me theer I wasn't capping LOL [__]
idiot [__] sake topid
look at the demage
[Music]
man forces will be
your do not position Mo out Raptors move
out seing that SP the enemy my
we will
take right they are actually capping
this time that's
nice obviously next we want tures
yes not my
Predator I enjoy
that we have your just it is ours for
position you are
Champion has reach
another success everyone is
underestimating the Raptors man is ours
for
you we are unable
with the unique culture what the
[__] chooses me to kill
it is
ours yes bring forth more Servants of
the dark gods
there is no glory in pointless
defeat
Ming yeah it's hard to beat the one two
look good old Predator plus Terminator
combo not too much you can do against
that kill anything
the H is our
for there is no glory
in moving on our
way ru
anything sniping my
ass
we will never
position GG
[Music]